release notes 1.5 (#88)
getml/getml-docs: docs/install/packages/archive.md

> <!-- # Installing from versioned archives -->

Reviewer: Rename to `package.md`.

> # getML Community versions archive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# getML Community Edition package
```

> The getML Community edition is provided as downloadable, versioned Tar archive for each release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each release of the getML Community Edition is also provided as standalone package that comes with a [cli (Engine)](link to: https://getml.com/latest/reference/cli/engine/) and can be [installed globally](link to: https://getml.com/latest/install/packages/linux/#separate-installation-of-engine) on your system.
```

Reviewer: Please provide appropriate links.

> ### Version 1.5.0

Author: Should we not also offer the download for at least getML 1.4?

Reviewer 2: No, we discussed this yesterday?

Author: Did we? why is publishing 1.4 not a good idea?
